Feature/doc pickle (#51)
jobteaser/dockerfiles: pickle/example/README.md

## Workflow

At the very initial step after cloning this repository by running in your workspace you can see the underlying tree from this folder location:

```sh
$ tree -a
.
├── Makefile
├── README.md
├── docker-compose.yml
├── go.mod
└── greeter
    └── main.go
```

Use the following command:

```sh
$ make local
```

or more simply (because at the beginning there is only one target inside the [Makefile](Makefile)):

```sh
$ make
```

The builder *context* is imported from the `PICKLE_IMAGE` specified in the root [Makefile](Makefile) to the folder [./.builder](.builder). And now here is the new source tree.

```sh
$ tree -a
.
├── .builder
│   ├── Dockerfile
│   ├── README.md
│   └── rules.mk
├── .dockerignore
├── .gitignore
├── Makefile
├── README.md
├── docker-compose.yml
├── go.mod
└── greeter
    └── main.go
```

And from now, by calling:

```
$ make pickle-shell
```

or more simply (due to the final `-include $(BUILDER_CONTEXT)/rules.mk` directive of the [Makefile](Makefile) that now can include the file which defines the default target to `pickle-shell`):

```sh
$ make
```

> A special shell called `pickle-shell` is provided to ease the onboarding of new comers to that example module named **github.com/jobteaser/dockerfiles/pickle/example**. This shell should be seen as an out-of-box suitable environment available immediately after cloning the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A specific shell called `pickle-shell` is provided to ease the on-boarding of new comers to that example module named **github.com/jobteaser/dockerfiles/pickle/example**. This shell should be seen as an out-of-box suitable environment available immediately after cloning the repository.
```

```sh
# Initial repository cloning
$ git clone git@github.com:jobteaser/dockerfiles.git
# go to the module location
$ cd pickle/example
# Import builder assets from choosed PICKLE_IMAGE container
$ make
# Instanciate the 'pickle-shell'
$ make
# Then...
$ make greeter
$ make greeter-up
...
```

## Applications configuration

### Adding a new application `foobar` to the example module

The procedure to add a new application to the module by using the current workflow has 2 parts:

#### File [Makefile](Makefile)

If you extend the `SERVICES` variable, then new targets will be available from the Makefile:

```Makefile
SERVICES += foobar
```

Provides the additionnal targets (cf. [Makefile](Makefile) for deatils about the targets):

```
foobar-force-build      foobar-tests-exec-sh    foobar
foobar-push-container   foobar-tests-sh         foobar-down
foobar-sh               foobar-up               foobar-exec-sh
foobar-tests
```

Those targets, are requiring that you add configuration for this particular application (service) inside the file [docker-compose.yml](docker-compose.yml)

#### File [docker-compose.yml](docker-compose.yml)

> The bellow configuration that have to be added to [docker-compose.yml](docker-compose.yml) provides the minimal set of informations. Some values are constants and depends on the basic configuration of the module. Others have to be adapted for that particular `foobar` service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration bellow should be added to [docker-compose.yml](docker-compose.yml) and provides the minimal set of information. Some values are constants and depends on the configuration of the module. Others have to be adapted for that particular `foobar` service.
```
